Address reviews (#19)
mihaibudiu/sigmod-rh: vldb-best/example2.tex

recursive query; given an input relation \code{E} it will produce
its transitive closure \code{R} as output.

> Now we use cycle rule to convert this circuit to seminaive evaluation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we use cycle rule to convert this circuit to semi-naive evaluation
```

This is just for consistency, since it is spelled with a hyphen later.

  \draw[->>] (z) -- (j);
\end{tikzpicture}

> This circuit contains two lifted incremental operators; a join and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This circuit contains two lifted incremental operators, a join and a
```
